Pinocchio
Once there was a carpenter called Geppetto. He made a wooden puppet and called him Pinocchio. “How nice it would be if it were a real baby!” sighed when he finished painting it. That night, a good fairy heard him and made his wish to become real. “Awake, wood inanimate, now you’ve got a soul!” she made her magic spell touching Pinocchio with her magic wand. “Pinocchio , be always a good , brave and a selfless boy , ” said the Fairy , ” and one day you’ll be a real boy ! ” Then, she addressed to Jiminy Cricket: “I appoint you to guide Pinocchio, ” she added, before disappearing in a thousand flashes of light.

Imagine the delight of Geppetto when he discovered that his little man of wood could move and talk! The next morning he sent him to school like a real boy. “Goodbye, son, come back soon!”
Pinocchio was a little naughty so he disobeying her father went to the terrible Eater, a puppeteer who promised to make him famous. He enjoyed a lot of singing and dancing with the other puppets. But, when the show was over, Eater shut him in a cage. Suddenly, there appeared the Blue Fairy: “Why did not you go to school?” she asked. Pinocchio answered with a lie and his nose began to grow … Only when he told the truth, the Fairy freed him and his nose was back to normal. On the way home, Pinocchio saw a coach load of kids cheering. The coachman told him that he was directed to Toyland, where the kids could do whatever they wanted.
“Pinocchio, come back!” Jiminy Cricket ran after him. But the puppet would not listen to him. There Pinocchio met a new boy Candlewick. He soon discovered that in Toyland the lazy and rude kids were turned into donkeys. Pinocchio ran desperately, followed by his faithful friend. Jiminy Cricket Together, then returned to the house of Geppetto , but they found none. “Who knows what l happened to him!” At that moment, a dove brought them a message: while Geppetto was looking for Pinocchio everywhere, he was swallowed by a whale and now he was his prisoner. “I want to save him!” decided the puppet.

Arriving at the sea, he dived an dived till he found his father in the belly of the whale. But how to get out of there? So he lit a fire and the smoke made the whale sneeze so strong that, she opened its mouth. Pinocchio and Geppetto escaped on a raft. The puppet helped his father to swim in the middle of the waves: and they finally reached the shore! But as soon as they arrived Pinocchio, for the great effort fainted. Grief-stricken, Geppetto took him home. The Blue Fairy, awoke him and, as promised, rewarded his courage and his goodness, by transforming Pinocchio into a real boy.



